>> Steve Kinney: So, we've got a website,
it's got all the slides you're gonna see
today and
more that you will not see today.
As well as a repository with a bunch
of examples, so you can co-visit it and
your favorite way to clone it works for
me, whether that be the GitHub CLI,
GitHub Desktop, HTTPS,
which we'll talk about today, or SSH.
I do have it installed, so
you will kind of pull it down,
you can do everyone's
favorite npm install first.
There are a few options that are kind
of available to you as well.
Most of them, you'll know it if
you need it is like npm start.
We'll pull up all of the exercise and
let you pick them.
We'll take a look at that in a second.
If, for some reason, you're I really
wanna see every SQL query being executed
while we do the SQL injection pieces,
you can pass the --sql flag.
If you wanna run it on a different port
than the ones I picked, for reasons, you
can choose a different port, and a lot of
these are using SQL lite databases, so if
when we try to cross-site script ourselves
and put bad data into our database.
If you need that to go away,
this will wipe out all of the databases in
the repository, which are not,
they're all get ignored anyway.
But if you do wanna just have
a clean slate, you can do that.
So pulling it up,
we can go to npm start, and
you'll get this kind of list of
all the different examples, right?
The first one we're gonna be
doing is this cookie jar one.
And basically, you pick the one you wanna
run and you see that at that point, right?
It'll see the database with
everything you might need, and
give you a local host port that you can
kind of command click on and play around.